I hope he's going to jump here's Keith
77 in any way seven strike hope you can
see the light ice pajama job
the light
alright
whoo
oh that's a big one
hey cookie
let's keep
we're going to weigh them here in a
second are you okay
oh you giant
seventh down it's a world record I lost
in a good grounding in here remix ago
really my date is I cracker a fish
Andrew said he's never caught a fish
here with a fly in it we lost a big
brownie in here she waits it out on one
drink check his mouth
Hey look at this video I've got it yeah
we're video have a looking so does mouth
oh how can you see these are hearing
sofa right I'm saying one is the fly
today right here in cool i'll hold this
for you the first one older drop to the
soy going to get displaying baby back
and
alright awesome excellent the new and
video he's beautiful come stand behind
it got it I'm video and the whole thing
they got to take photos of them yeah
that is unbelievable very good